---
title: "No on S. 388"
layout: post
categories:
- Letters
tags:
- Federal government
- Dianne Feinstein
---

There are more than 1.6 million young Americans with high school diplomas who are looking for, but cannot find, a job. S. 388 would make it even harder these Americans to find jobs. How could a United States Senator propose a bill that will make life even more difficult for America's unemployed? Thank you for not supporting this bill.

There was once a time when American teenagers would spend their summers bagging groceries, cutting lawns, or waiting tables. Sadly, these days are coming to an end. This is not because teenagers don't want to work a summer job, it's because employers find it less expensive to hire foreign H-2B workers. This is an absolutely ridiculous situation.

Sen. Mikulski's bill, S. 388, would allow up to 300,000 less-educated foreign workers to enter the United States and legally seek employment. This will prevent 300,000 additional American teenagers from finding temporary seasonal employment.

I find it appalling that she would even consider proposing a bill that has such dire repercussions for America's young people. I am glad that you have decided to oppose this bill. If you change your mind, I can assure you that millions of Americans would be highly displeased with your attempt to eliminate 300,000 American jobs.

Phone me if you would like to talk about this.

{% include signature.html %}

P.S. We need autarky to get out of our current economic mess.
