---
title: "H-1B visas"
layout: post
categories:
- Letters
tags:
- Federal government
- Barbara Boxer
- Dianne Feinstein
---

I find it appalling that the Democratic leadership and the White House worked behind closed doors to remove the American worker protections passed by the Senate and the House.

How can your Congressional colleagues on the Stimulus Package Conference Committee oppose two House amendments that would protect American and legal immigrant workers and a Senate amendment that would prevent banks which have received stimulus funds from importing unnecessary H-1B foreign workers? Doesn't your party want to help America's struggling, less fortunate, and downtrodden?

The House amendments would have reauthorized the E-Verify system for a period of five years and mandated its use by any business or locality that receives stimulus funds. How can your colleagues find these amendments so objectionable? Don't you wish to help unemployed Americans? The E-Verify system is tried and tested and has a 99.5% success rate; it is the best tool American workers have in ensuring they receive a fair chance at acquiring a job. Or would you rather ensure that illegal alien workers have a fair chance of receiving tax-payer funded stimulus jobs?

The Senate amendment, cosponsored by Sens. Bernie Sanders and Charles Grassley, would have prevented banks that receive stimulus funds from hiring H-1B workers for a period of one year. This would have ensured that American workers are the first to receive stimulus-funded jobs in financial institutions. What part of this amendment does your party find so objectionable?

I fear that your party's friends in the American Chamber of Commerce are dictating your party's policy decisions on immigration. You and your colleagues need to realize that what benefits the Chamber does not benefit American workers. You need to look deep inside your soul and determine whom you represent: American workers or anti-American worker scoundrels who do not have any desire to hire American workers.

You and your fellow Democrats need to start serving the interests of the American people instead of kowtowing to groups like the American Chamber of Commerce. I fear that the Democratic Party has been irrevocably stained by the behavior of Majority Leader Reid, Speaker Pelosi, and the White House.

Phone me if you would like to talk about this,

{% include signature.html %}

P.S. We need autarky to survive the economy disaster you've brought upon us!
