---
title: "ICE raids"
layout: post
categories:
- Letters
tags:
- Barack Hussein Obama
- Federal government
---

Barack Obama,

I am very disappointed that you have decided to oppose ICE's work site enforcement raids. These law enforcement actions are immensely important and free up jobs for American workers.

You have promised time and again to create jobs for Americans. While ICE raids may not be as expensive or fancy as a $750 billion stimulus package, they do preserve jobs for American workers. I find it disheartening that you would rather stand up for the rights of illegal alien workers (people who do not have the legal right to work in the United States) than stand up for America's unemployed and underemployed.

Your Administration is revealing that you would rather pander to special interest groups than help America's downtrodden. First you opposed a provision of the stimulus package that would have required fund recipients to use of E-Verify and now you (through a White House spokesman) have opposed ICE's work site enforcement raids. Your actions help only special interest groups and illegal-alien workers, not America's unemployed.

I urge you to rethink your actions and determine whom you truly represent. Do you represent those people who elected you or do you represent illegal-alien workers and the unscrupulous, un-American business owners who hire them?

Phone me if you would like to talk about this.

{% include signature.html %}

P.S. Uphold your oath of office --- protect our borders!
