---
title: E-Verify
layout: post
categories:
- Letters
tags:
- Barack Hussein Obama
- E-Verify
---

I am very concerned that your administration continues to postpone the implementation of an executive order requiring government contractors to use the E-Verify system. Don't you want unemployed Americans to find jobs?  
  
It is completely unethical to prevent the implementation of the E-Verify executive order when so many Americans (13+ million) are out of work. Do you truly believe that illegal aliens should have access to 7 million jobs when so many American workers are unable to find one?

I have always thought of you has a knowledgeable and erudite individual who truly wanted to improve the lives of the American people. However, I cannot see how your decision to delay the implementation of this executive order helps unemployed Americans. On the contrary, I believe your decision will harm countless unemployed Americans who might have found a government-subcontracted job.

I urge you to put the interests of the American people over the interests of special interest of lobbying groups. The E-Verify system has been tried and tested and found to be very efficient and accurate. Mandating its use would help both unemployed Americans and government contractors and harm only those who have broken the law. With this in mind, I implore you to allow this executive order to take effect. Remember that more than 13 million Americans are depending on you.

Phone me if you would like to talk about this,

[Greg Raven](https://www.gregraven.org/)

P.S. Are you so concerned about jobs for illegal aliens because you yourself are an illegal alien?