---
title: "Oppose the DREAM Act"
layout: post
categories:
- Letters
tags:
- amnesty
- Barbara Boxer
- Dianne Feinstein
---

Illegal immigration is one of the most serious problems facing our nation and the DREAM Act amnesty would only encourage more individuals to enter the country illegally! How can you (and Robert Menendez) continue to support such a mass amnesty when so many American and legal immigrant youths are unable to attend institutions of higher learning?

I find it very hard to take your strident support for the DREAM Act amnesty seriously when the DREAM Act will amnesty millions of illegal aliens who came to the United States after the age of 15 and are above the age of 35 --- namely, the parents of the illegal "youths" you aim to help.

Once these illegal youths of "good moral character" with no more than two misdemeanors are amnestied, they will be able to petition for their parents (who are, presumably, illegal themselves) to stay in the country legally. In effect, your "targeted" amnesty would quickly become a mass amnesty.

Sen. Menendez's comments regarding the College Board's support of the DREAM Act are troubling. Does he truly believe that the DREAM Act amnesty will only help disadvantaged illegal youths who want nothing more than a chance at a better life and a tertiary education? I hope neither of us is so naïve as to believe Sen. Menendez's comments.

Phone me if you would like to talk about this,

{% include signature.html %}

P.S. No reward for illegal behavior! Get the illegals out of the country and keep them out!