---
title: "H-1B spouses"
layout: post
categories:
- letter
tags:
- immigration
- Jerry Lewis
- Barbara Boxer
- Dianne Feinstein
---

Barack Obama's recent decision to attempt to extend work authorization to the spouses of H-1B workers is downright disgusting. He is simply pandering to the unscrupulous business hucksters who would rather hire cheap foreign workers instead of paying a living wage to U.S. workers.

I'm not sure why Obama continues to support the H-1B visa program when there are so many U.S. technology workers who cannot find a full-time job. Doesn't he realize that companies prefer H-1B workers because they are temporary and can be paid less?

Each year, 85,000 H-1B workers are admitted, and these visas are good for three years, and renewable once. So, at any one time, there is a maximum of 510,000 His workers in the United States, displacing American workers.

How many of these H-1B workers brought their spouses with them? 100,000? 200,000? Whatever the number, it's absolutely insane for him to want to hand work permits to them. Handing work permits to them would simply put an equal number of American workers out of a job. Is this what the president wants?

I'm sure you realize that President Obama's plan violates the law. Only the Congress can change immigration policy in such a matter, but this doesn't seem to bother the president that much (nor does putting Americans out of work). I hope you will show the compassion for American workers that Mr. Obama is so obviously lacking by fighting these H-4 work permits and help American workers keep their jobs.

Phone me if you would like to talk about this.

{% include signature.html %}
