---
title: "Veto A.B. 2189 and A.B. 1081"
layout: post
categories:
- letter
tags:
- California
- Jerry Brown
- illegal aliens
---

I am an active California voter who wants you to veto A.B. 2189 and A.B. 1081. You should not give driver's licenses to illegal immigrants with deferred-action status or tie the hands of police by limiting ICE detainers to those who committed serious or violent felonies.

Giving illegal immigrants driver's licenses will enable them to hold jobs in the construction, service and hospitality industries that citizens need. Has the legislature forgotten that California's unemployment rate is 10.7 percent? The rate is even higher for African-Americans and Hispanic-Americans. Protecting illegal immigrants is hurting some of our most vulnerable citizens!

Advocates for A.B. 1081 claim the bill is needed so that illegal immigrants report more crimes. This is nonsense because there is no research that suggests crime reporting increases in sanctuary cities. Besides, a federal law already exists that protects witnesses and crime victims who are illegal immigrants. It's called the "U" visa.

Please do not pander to special interest groups. Do the right thing and veto A.B. 2189 and A.B. 1081.

Phone me if you would like to talk about this.

{% include signature.html %}

P.S. We must stop catering to criminals. The more special privileges and hand-outs we give to illegal aliens, the more illegal aliens we'll have. We must give preference to citizens, and remove any and all illegal aliens from our midst.
