---
title: 'Please oppose SB 211, SB 1100, SB 1177, SB 1487, and AB 2103'
date: '2018-08-27T09:40:19-08:00'
layout: post
categories:
    - Letters
tags:
    - 'Assemblyman Jay Obernolte'
    - 'gun control'
---

I am a concerned resident of California writing to urge you to OPPOSE SB 211, SB 1100, SB 1177, SB 1487, and AB 2103.

OPPOSE --- SB 221 would prohibit the sale of firearms and ammunition at the Cow Palace located in District 1-A on and after January 1, 2020. California has some of the strictest firearms laws in the country. These laws apply regardless of whether the sale or transfer of firearms occurs at a gun show or a brick and mortar shop. This bill will not impact criminals who will continue to operate outside the law and instead will limit the ability of law-abiding citizens to exercise their rights.

OPPOSE --- SB 1100 would raise the age to purchase firearms to 21 years old, effectively prohibiting young adults from exercising their constitutional rights while doing nothing to address the criminal misuse of firearms.

OPPOSE --- SB 1177 would prohibit a person from making more than one application to purchase and the dealer delivery of any type of firearm within any 30-day period. This bill fails to address the criminal trafficking of firearms and instead places more costs and barriers on law-abiding citizens exercising their rights.

OPPOSE --- SB 1487 fails to recognize the great contribution of hunters to wildlife conservation. By targeting lawful hunters this bill could have a negative impact on species it purports to protect while violating federal law and the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES).

OPPOSE --- Assembly Bill 2103 would add certain requirements in addition to the already mandated training courses for a citizen to obtain a concealed carry license. Currently, concealed carry permit holders are already required to receive up to 16 hours training prior to receiving a permit and at least four hours of additional training every two years prior to renewal.

I respectfully ask that you OPPOSE SB 211, SB 1100, SB 1177, SB 1487, and AB 2103.

[Greg Raven](https://www.gregraven.org/), Apple Valley, CA