---
title: "Support H.R. 38"
layout: post
categories:
- letter
tags:
- 2nd Amendment
- Jay Obernolte
---

Constitutional rights do not end at a state border, and states are required to give full faith and credit to legal permits from other states.

That's why Rep. Richard Hudson introduced H.R. 38, a concealed carry reciprocity bill that stops anti-gun states like New York and California from cancelling the Second Amendment rights of Americans from other states.

I urge you to co-sponsor and push for a recorded vote on H.R. 38.

I and millions of other Americans are extremely concerned about the erosion of our Second Amendment rights. Passing this bill would be a small step in the right direction.

{% include signature.html %}

**Response**

> Thank you for contacting my office regarding the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. This is an important issue and I appreciate hearing your thoughts regarding it.
>
> Under H.R. 38, introduced by Representative Richard Hudson (NC-08), an individual who is eligible to carry a concealed firearm in one state would be able to carry or possess a concealed firearm in another state that allows its residents to conceal carry. Furthermore, this legislation would preempt most state and local laws related to concealed carry, establishing a private right of action for a person adversely affected by interference with the concealed-carry eligibility established by this bill.
>
> I believe that this legislation would add critical federal protections for Americans who choose to conceal carry. That is why I have agreed to cosponsor to this important legislation, and I will fight to enact it. H.R. 38 has been referred to the House Judiciary Committee for consideration. Please be assured that I will keep your support in mind should this or a similar piece of legislation come before the full House for consideration.
>
> Thank you again for contacting me. Your thoughts and opinions are of critical importance to me as I work to represent California's 8th District in Congress. If you would like to stay informed on what is happening in Washington, D.C. and the 8th District of California, I encourage you to sign up for my newsletter. I sincerely appreciate your comments and look forward to hearing from you in the future.
>
> <cite>Rep. Jay Obernolte, Member of Congress</cite>