---
title: "Cosponsor S. 4051 and support efforts to attach it to the FAA reauthorization bill"
layout: post
categories:
- Letters
tags: 
- Senator Alex Padilla
- Senator Laphonza Butler
- national security
- illegal aliens
---

It strains credulity that unvetted illegal aliens are allowed to board commercial aircraft! By allowing illegal aliens and parolees to board aircraft based only on the information they entered into the CBP-One app or that an overworked Border Patrol agent filled in on a Notice to Appear or a Notice to Report, airlines and DHS are putting all their other passengers at risk. This is especially concerning when FBI Director Christopher Wray is warning of a significantly elevated threat from foreign terrorist organizations, and the Department of Homeland Security is admitting that record numbers of known terrorists have crossed the southern border.

This dangerous behavior must stop! I hope you will take firm action to end this practice by demanding that S. 4051, the VALID Act, in the legislation to reauthorize the FAA. The VALID Act closes this dangerous loophole by prohibiting air carriers and the Department of Homeland Security from accepting the CBP-One app, NTAs, or NTRs to board aircraft traveling to or within the United States.

I hope you will stand up for common sense and aviation security by cosponsoring S. 4051 and supporting efforts to attach it to the FAA reauthorization bill.

Sincerely,

[Greg Raven](https://www.gregraven.org/), Apple Valley, CA

PS: Secure our borders. Stop the influx of immigrants and refugees. Evict those here illegally. End chain migration. End birthright citizenship. End the visa lottery. End amnesty. Make E-Verify mandatory.
