---
title: "Vote YES on H.R. 38"
layout: post
categories:
- letter
tags:
- 2nd Amendment
---

I was very pleased to see that H.R. 38 --- the Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act --- advanced out of the House Judiciary Committee for a full floor vote in the House. 

As your constituent, I urge you to VOTE YES on H.R. 38 and I also urge you to pressure Speaker Johnson to hold the full floor vote ASAP. 

No one should be turned into a felon simply for traveling with a lawfully-owned firearm across state lines. 

With all 50 states now issuing concealed carry permits, 49 states allowing nonresident carry, and 29 states with permitless or constitutional carry, it is simply common sense for Congress to ensure that each state's concealed carry license is valid in every other state. 

Just as driver's licenses and marriage licenses are recognized nationwide, so too should a license to carry a firearm --- especially since the Constitution explicitly protects gun rights, and doesn't say a peep about driving a car! 

In fact, the Constitution states that my right to keep and bear arms "shall not be infringed." 

You promised voters like me on the campaign trail to uphold and defend the Constitution. Do not let us down. Vote for the Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act and ask Speaker Johnson to hold the vote immediately. 

Gun Owners of America will be sure to tell me how you vote. 

{% include signature.html %}

Sent to:
: Jay Obernolte

---

Response:

> Thank you for contacting my office regarding H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. This is an important issue, and I appreciate hearing your thoughts regarding it. 
> 
> The Constitution clearly states that the right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed. However, there continue to be efforts to limit or infringe on our Second Amendment rights to own a weapon. I remain committed to protecting those rights. For example, during my service in the California State Assembly, I authored legislation that would provide local governments in California the ability to recognize concealed carry permits from other states.  
> 
> As you are aware, Rep. Richard Hudson (NC-09) has introduced H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. This bill stipulates that an individual who is eligible to carry a concealed firearm in one state would be able to carry or possess a concealed firearm in another state that allows its residents to conceal carry. Furthermore, this legislation would preempt most state and local laws related to concealed carry, establishing a private right of action for a person adversely affected by interference with the concealed-carry eligibility established by this bill.  
> 
> I believe that this legislation would add critical federal protections for Americans who choose to conceal carry. That is why I cosponsored this legislation in the 117th Congress, why I also decided to cosponsor this legislation again in the 118th Congress, and why I will fight to enact it. Please be assured that I will keep your thoughts in mind should this, or similar, legislation come before the House for a vote.
> 
> Thank you again for contacting me. Your thoughts and opinions are of critical importance to me as I work to represent California's 23rd District in Congress. If you would like to stay informed on what is happening in Washington, D.C. and the 23rd District of California, I encourage you to sign up for my newsletter. I sincerely appreciate your comments and look forward to hearing from you in the future.
> 
> Sincerely,
> 
> Rep. Jay Obernolte, Member of Congress

