---
title: "Oppose A.B. 1333"
layout: post
categories:
- letter
tags:
- 2nd Amendment
- California
---

I am writing to express my opposition to your Assembly Bill 1333, a dangerously misguided piece of legislation that strikes at the very heart of our fundamental right to self-defense, a right enshrined in both our Constitution and our moral fabric as Americans.

Under the guise of "gun safety," A.B. 1333 would severely limit the circumstances under which an individual can justifiably use force, including lethal force, to defend themselves, their loved ones, and their homes. This bill seeks to redefine self-defense so that rather than standing firm against aggressors, law-abiding citizens must engage in the deadly dance of second-guessing whether their response to a threat could be deemed "justifiable" by some distant bureaucrat.

Your proposal would restrict self-defense rights to the point where defending your home from a violent intruder or your family from a mugger could lead to criminal charges against you --- because after all, what's a little ambiguity in the face of imminent danger? And if you're forced into a situation where you're defending yourself, be prepared for the added pressure of evaluating whether you've used "more force than necessary." This absurd criterion turns victims into criminals, and puts us all at greater risk.

The ambiguities in the bill mean that when you're outside your home, if you know you could retreat --- even if it endangers you—you're expected to do so instead of defending yourself. How can we allow our citizens to be cornered into inaction when their safety is at stake? It's not only unjust; it's perilous.

As Californians, we cannot afford to allow this ambiguous, self-defense-crushing legislation to pass. Assembly Bill 1333 is not just bad policy; it's a direct attack on our basic freedoms. We stand united against those trying to make criminals the true victims, while good, law-abiding citizens are left vulnerable.

We demand that you scrap AB 1333 and truly respect our right to defend ourselves and our families.

{% include signature.html %}

Sent to:
: Rick Zbur
