---
title: "Oppose A.B. 1187"
layout: post
categories:
- letter
tags: 
- 2nd Amendment
---

I oppose A.B. 1187.

I am writing to express my strong opposition to A.B. 1187, which would require anyone purchasing a gun in California to complete an 8-hour class --- which includes time spent shooting at a range. 

This bill will create a de facto ban on the purchase of firearms and does not address the real issue at hand: the criminal misuse of guns. In 2023, FBI NICS data reports that Californians purchased over 1,043,400 firearms. If future gun sales even remotely mirror this figure, how will the current number of instructors be able to accommodate literally hundreds of thousands of individuals for the 8-hours of training this bill requires? Given the extraordinary shortage of certified instructors, A.B. 1187 is tantamount to an actual ban on the ability of lawful, responsible individuals from buying a firearm. Further, there is no consideration of the availability --- and accessibility of time at a gun range.

Please take the target off the backs of lawful, responsible Californians. If someone has been the victim of an assault or repeated break-ins and wants to purchase a firearm for self-protection, they should be able to do so without extreme restrictions. If someone has been the victim of an assault or repeated break-ins and wants to purchase a firearm for self-protection, they should be able to do so without extreme restrictions and delays. This is especially important given that the U.S. Supreme Court has made it clear that law enforcement officers are under no legal obligation to protect us from harm. Plus, I highly doubt that gang members and other such criminals will be first in line to sign up for an 8-hour class on "firearms safety." 

A.B. 1187 is an extraordinary violation of my rights as an American and I strongly encourage a NO vote.

{% include signature.html %}

Sent to:
: Tom Lackey
